adding multiline and S/M/L sizes to breadcrumbs (#567)
adobe-private/react-spectrum-v3: packages/@react-spectrum/breadcrumbs/docs/Breadcrumbs.mdx

### Internationalization
In order to internationalize Breadcrumbs, the strings of all child items should be localized.

### Breadcrumb as heading

> To make the selected Breadcrumb a heading, simply include the Heading component inside your Item. You may set the Heading level by providing the `level` prop to the Heading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `Breadcrumbs` as a heading, render a [Heading](Heading.html) component inside your `Item`. You may set the heading level by providing the `level` prop.
```

```tsx example

> <Breadcrumbs>

Reviewer: Should we show the import for `Heading` here?

> ### Size

Author: Still need to document using `<Item><Heading>blah</Heading></Item>` to make Breadcrumbs multiline but waiting for feedback if the multiline behavior should also apply if the user passes `isHeading=true` without including `<Heading>`
